Glory to Ukraine, I am addressing all
Ukrainian bloggers who sit in chat
roulette and communicate with orcs. We have a
huge audience of Ukrainians who watch us,
but we are also watched by a certain
proportion of people from the Russian Federation.
Russia,
some of them are our open enemies,
some of them are those who sympathize with Ukraine,
and some of those who hesitate and
listen to our videos
then write to some of us there Oh, I understood what
actually happened in Donbas, where it all
started, we have a huge influence on that
audience, a lot  who does not believe that changes
can be due to changes in the Heads, but I am
convinced that the more we
change the brains of the population there and possibly
push them to some active actions,
the sooner changes will begin in Russia that
will stop this military expansion on
Ukraine, on the one hand, it must pressure
the armed forces of Ukraine, and on the other hand,
internal tensions must press In the
Russian Federation itself, this is how I see m  and they are
completely different: some have 100 thousand
followers, some have only thousands, some have
10 thousand, some communicate with serious
facts, some with humor, some only
quarrel with the Russians, but you are
watched, including in the country of the enemy, and
your arguments are
accepted. I offer it to all Ukrainian
bloggers  chat for roulette players who want to
somehow
coordinate efforts efforts
to unite, it will not be some kind of
official organization and so on, all the
bureaucracies, we will make a Telegram channel
in which we will exchange some
experience with some messages that it
is desirable to promote there now regarding the disintegration of Russia
regarding
its disorganization from the inside regarding
why the mobilization and disruption? I want us to
do this kind of
blogger co-working, yes, I understand that
some people are worried about the type, you are
fighting for these, how is it for the viewers, because there are
many bloggers, the number of viewers is
limited and this is all [ __ ]. So who wanted
to watch you?  and you will be watched by those who
wanted to watch me, and I will be watched
by every blog  Yes,
some people like one blogger, others like
others. And that’s normal, but we have to somehow
coordinate. There are some ideas that are
effective in influencing the
Russian audience, so what messages should
we send? I encourage everyone. Anyone who wants to
join such a group, don’t be shy.
even if you are a beginner, you have
some thousands of subscribers and thousands of
views, you think Damn, I don’t want to
join like this, maybe they won’t accept me there,
it’s all [ __ ], so today
you have a thousand And tomorrow you can have
100,000 And the day after tomorrow a million So because I
sometimes someone who writes to you wants someone to talk to you,
but he is shy to write to
him there are 3000 subscribers, don't be shy,
I want us to unite both those who are cool
and those who are lazy - a beginner, you still
know it, how do they drop money on some
quadcopters?  someone throws UAH 1,000,
someone 10,000, and someone 10 UAH, but all in all, they
recruit on a
quadcopter, and here, too, someone has an audience of a large
number of Russians, someone has
10 people will be able to impregnate a smaller one with the
right thoughts, but in total we
cover a huge huge layer,
so
if you, if you are interested in this, if you are
bloggers who post
in chat roulette, communicate in chat roulette and publish
their conversations publicly to spread them
to a large and large audience, yes
Leave a comment with the name of your channel in the first comment under this
video.
Also,
write in the telegram. It will be in the description under the
video. There will be a telegram. There will be a fixed
message under which you can write. I
will add you. I will chat.
what is
real tsipso and how are they afraid of us?
So, I am sure that we will be able
to make the Ukrainian
welfare state more effective. So we
need to
coordinate and hit the spot on painful
Russian topics, so
I will try to add to our chat room only
people who are analysts who regularly monitor the
situation in  In Russia, I often communicate with them,
so
I get it  interesting information so that
we can spread this information to
our other bloggers and we can hit the
point with painful topics on the Russian
audience in order to increase
this fragility of the Russian Empire so
that it eventually collapses and
Ukraine against this background finally
Glory to Ukraine won, if you, the
audience, see this video, pass it on to those
bloggers you watch, because there are
a lot of bloggers who have, I
don’t even know, sometimes they drop
someone there, there are thousands of followers, there are a thousand,
in fact, very, very many of our
Ukrainian bloggers  a bunch of well-known little-known little ones,
if you see this video and
think that this is the right initiative,
drop it in the comments, girls, to those
bloggers you watch like this. Let them
take it into account if they
consider it necessary, we will be glad
to see such a person in our community. Glory to
Ukraine